# Accessibility links

Skip to main content[Accessibility
help](https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/181196?hl=en-IN)

Accessibility feedback

Please click
[here](/search?q=Worldssmallestcountry&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&gbv=1&sei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY)
if you are not redirected within a few seconds.

[](https://www.google.co.in/intl/en/about/products?tab=wh)

[Sign
in](https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?hl=en&passive=true&continue=https://www.google.com/search%3Fclient%3Dubuntu%26channel%3Dfs%26q%3DWorldssmallestcountry%26ie%3Dutf-8%26oe%3Dutf-8)

[](https://www.google.com/webhp?hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQPAgH
"Go to Google Home")

* * Remove

Report inappropriate predictions

# Search modes

All

[Maps](https://maps.google.com/maps?client=ubuntu&channel=fs&oe=utf-8&q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&um=1&ie=UTF-8&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_AUoAXoECA8QAw)

[Images](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_AUoAnoECA8QBA)

[News](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&source=lnms&tbm=nws&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_AUoA3oECA8QBQ)

[Books](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&source=lnms&tbm=bks&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_AUoBHoECA8QBg)

More

[Videos](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&source=lnms&tbm=vid&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_AUoAHoECA8QCA)[Shopping](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&source=lnms&tbm=shop&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_AUoAXoECA8QCQ)[Flights](https://www.google.com/flights?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&source=lnms&tbm=flm&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_AUoAnoECA8QCg)[Finance](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&source=lnms&tbm=fin&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_AUoA3oECA8QCw)

[Settings](/preferences)

[Search
settings](/preferences?hl=en&prev=https://www.google.com/search?client%3Dubuntu%26channel%3Dfs%26q%3DWorldssmallestcountry%26ie%3Dutf-8%26oe%3Dutf-8)[Languages](/preferences?hl=en&prev=https://www.google.com/search?client%3Dubuntu%26channel%3Dfs%26q%3DWorldssmallestcountry%26ie%3Dutf-8%26oe%3Dutf-8#languages)[Turn
on
SafeSearch](/setprefs?safeui=on&sig=0_OhgxQ9XudHYpXv4-S839fWBTj7Y%3D&prev=https://www.google.com/search?client%3Dubuntu%26channel%3Dfs%26q%3DWorldssmallestcountry%26ie%3Dutf-8%26oe%3Dutf-8)[Advanced
search](/advanced_search?q=World's+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&hl=en)[Search
activity](/history/optout?hl=en)[Your data in
Search](/history/privacyadvisor/search/unauth?utm_source=googlemenu)[Search
help](//support.google.com/websearch/?source=g&hl=en-IN)

Tools

About 15,50,00,000 results (0.57 seconds)

Showing results for [World's Smallest
Country](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=World's+Smallest+Country&spell=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQkeECKAB6BAgPECY)  
Search instead for
[Worldssmallestcountry](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=Worldssmallestcountry&nfpr=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQvgUoAXoECA8QJw)  

# Search Results

## Featured snippet from the web

[](/search?q=World's+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&tbm=isch&source=iu&ictx=1&fir=gshYjf12B3YhRM%253A%252CM84jeD5MiZ2mZM%252C_&vet=1&usg=AI4_-kREipzHblsrWYaUaS2OgUnphe_f2g&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_h0wAHoECAgQBA#imgrc=gshYjf12B3YhRM:)

[](/search?q=World's+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&tbm=isch&source=iu&ictx=1&fir=mIB7UNzREfsv-M%253A%252Cy17NEwNSL-
wr8M%252C_&vet=1&usg=AI4_-kRiGH9nwW_BR-
KhPktK7JOfsfcxug&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_h0wAXoECAgQBg#imgrc=mIB7UNzREfsv-M:)

[](/search?q=World's+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&tbm=isch&source=iu&ictx=1&fir=6Q2zXhOTErBacM%253A%252Cy17NEwNSL-
wr8M%252C_&vet=1&usg=AI4_-kR7zmF_abo-
mFXXj27iPuNl7wj5Cg&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ_h0wAnoECAgQCA#imgrc=6Q2zXhOTErBacM:)

[View
all](/search?channel=fs&source=univ&tbm=isch&q=World's+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ420oA3oECAgQCQ)

Vatican City

Based on landmass, Vatican City is the smallest country in the world,
measuring just 0.2 square miles, almost 120 times smaller than the island of
Manhattan. Situated on the western bank of the Tiber River, Vatican City's
2-mile border is landlocked by Italy.Jul 17, 2013

[  

### What is the smallest country in the world? - HISTORY

www.history.com › news › what-is-the-smallest-
country...](https://www.history.com/news/what-is-the-smallest-country-in-the-
world)

www.history.com › news › what-is-the-smallest-country...

  1. [Cached](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:y17NEwNSL-wJ:https://www.history.com/news/what-is-the-smallest-country-in-the-world+&cd=6&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=in&client=ubuntu)

Feedback

[](/url?url=https://support.google.com/websearch?p%3Dfeatured_snippets%26hl%3Den-
IN&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&usg=AOvVaw1vZKUsZLL2lq4flgrOD_cS&hl=en-
IN&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQrpwBegQIDRAQ)[About Featured
Snippets](/url?url=https://support.google.com/websearch?p%3Dfeatured_snippets%26hl%3Den-
IN&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&usg=AOvVaw1vZKUsZLL2lq4flgrOD_cS&hl=en-
IN&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQrpwBegQIDRAR)

## People also ask

What are the top 10 smallest countries in the world?

Is Israel the smallest country?

What is the smallest country in the world 2019?

Is Malta the smallest country in the world?

Feedback

## Web results

[  

### The smallest countries in the world by area

www.countries-ofthe-world.com › smallest-countries](https://www.countries-
ofthe-world.com/smallest-countries.html)

www.countries-ofthe-world.com › smallest-countries

  1. [Cached](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:tRX2Gb6PlocJ:https://www.countries-ofthe-world.com/smallest-countries.html+&cd=15&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=in&client=ubuntu)
  2. [Similar](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=related:https://www.countries-ofthe-world.com/smallest-countries.html+World%27s+Smallest+Country&tbo=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQHzAOegQIAhAH)

The smallest one of them is the Vatican City (Holy See), it actually occupies
only an old quarter with a few buildings and parks in the center of Rome
(Italy).

### Videos

[11:57Inside World's  
Smallest "Country" |  
Ground Report by  
Dhruv ...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXswo-X1IuM)

Dhruv Rathee

YouTube \- Sep 14, 2019

[13:44Top 10 Smallest  
Countries In The  
World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJMATC5glmE)

World Top 10

YouTube \- Dec 25, 2016

[3:57Top 5 Smallest  
Countries in the  
World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jm0OzfJ0HMc)

Earth Titan

YouTube \- May 28, 2016

## Web results

[  

### List of countries and dependencies by area - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org › wiki ›
List_of_countries_and_depen...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_and_dependencies_by_area)

en.wikipedia.org › wiki › List_of_countries_and_depen...

  1. [Cached](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:u1-xtRCXmUAJ:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_and_dependencies_by_area+&cd=26&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=in&client=ubuntu)
  2. [Similar](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=related:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_and_dependencies_by_area+World%27s+Smallest+Country&tbo=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQHzAZegQIBxAH)

This is a list of the world's countries and their dependent territories by
area, ranked by total area ... Coastal internal waters (some small bays) may
be included.

[  

### The Largest and the Smallest Countries in the World by Area ...

www.nationsonline.org › oneworld ›
countries_by_area](https://www.nationsonline.org/oneworld/countries_by_area.htm)

www.nationsonline.org › oneworld › countries_by_area

  1. [Cached](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:M84jeD5MiZ0J:https://www.nationsonline.org/oneworld/countries_by_area.htm+&cd=27&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=in&client=ubuntu)

The three smallest countries in the world are Vatican City, an enclave in
Rome, Monaco, a principality on the Mediterranean coast and an enclave within
Southern ...

[  

### The 10 Smallest Countries In The World - WorldAtlas

www.worldatlas.com › World
Facts](https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-10-smallest-countries-in-the-
world.html)

www.worldatlas.com › World Facts

  1. [Cached](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:P1qwtFtSQ84J:https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-10-smallest-countries-in-the-world.html+&cd=28&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=in&client=ubuntu)

Jul 25, 2019 - An island nation located east of Australia, Nauru is the
smallest island country in the world. It was known in the 1980s for its
booming phosphate ...

[  

### The World's 17 Smallest Countries - ThoughtCo

www.thoughtco.com › ... › Country Information](https://www.thoughtco.com/the-
worlds-smallest-countries-1433446)

www.thoughtco.com › ... › Country Information

  1. [Cached](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:86tXwGbHiQ8J:https://www.thoughtco.com/the-worlds-smallest-countries-1433446+&cd=29&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=in&client=ubuntu)
  2. [Similar](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=related:https://www.thoughtco.com/the-worlds-smallest-countries-1433446+World%27s+Smallest+Country&tbo=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQHzAcegQIAxAJ)

Feb 3, 2020 - Nauru is a small island nation located in the South Pacific
Ocean in the region of Oceania. Nauru is the world's smallest island country
with an ...

[  

### 7 Smallest Countries in the World - Jagran Josh

www.jagranjosh.com › ... › GK Facts](https://www.jagranjosh.com/general-
knowledge/smallest-countries-in-the-world-1504704427-1)

www.jagranjosh.com › ... › GK Facts

  1. [Cached](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:08UO9oCE70sJ:https://www.jagranjosh.com/general-knowledge/smallest-countries-in-the-world-1504704427-1+&cd=30&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=in&client=ubuntu)

Mar 14, 2020 - Vatican City is the smallest country in the world. It is also
known as Holy See. It is located in the city of Rome, Italy. It is the center
of the Catholic ...

Related search

Countries in Europe

[Vatican
City](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=Vatican+City&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAOOQUeLQz9U3MK8sKTESTs4vzSspykwtVsjMU0gtLcovSI2SCM8vyklRL1YIzk3MyUktLlFwBquqPMUI1wllmpSbWsCYWabGUKZZcVraKUZ2EDMj3RQmn25mCGOWGRf-
YhR2RrbbFWz3IlaesMSSzOTEPAXnzJJKAAGq1ZqsAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQxA0wHnoECAUQAw
"Vatican City")

[Monaco](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=Monaco&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAOOQUeLQz9U3MCk3tTASTs4vzSspykwtVsjMU0gtLcovSI2SCM8vyklRL1YIzk3MyUktLlFwBquqPMUI1mleWVICZYIMgTGzTI2hTLPitLRTjOwgZka6KUw-3cwQxiwzLvzFKOyMbLcr2O5FrGy
--XmJyfkA-bLK26YAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQxA0wHnoECAUQBQ
"Monaco")

[Liechtenstein](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=Liechtenstein&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAOOQUeLQz9U3MMkyNTYSTs4vzSspykwtVsjMU0gtLcovSI2SCM8vyklRL1YIzk3MyUktLlFwBquqPMUI1mleWVICZZqUm1rAmEDzoEyz4rS0U4zsIGZGuilMPt3MEMYsMy78xSjsjGy3K9juRay8PpmpyRklqXnFJamZeQDgfQV8rQAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQxA0wHnoECAUQBw
"Liechtenstein")

[San
Marino](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=San+Marino&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAOOQUeLQz9U3MCtOSzMSTs4vzSspykwtVsjMU0gtLcovSI2SCM8vyklRL1YIzk3MyUktLlFwBquqPMUI1mleWVICZZqUm1rAmFmmxlAmyOhTjOwgZka6KUw-3cwQxiwzLvzFKOyMbLcr2O5FrFzBiXkKvolFmXn5AK-
_OEWqAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQxA0wHnoECAUQCQ "San
Marino")

[Andorra](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=Andorra&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAOOQUWLXz9U3yEg3NRJOzi_NKynKTC1WyMxTSC0tyi9IjZIIzy_KSVEvVgjOTczJSS0uUXAGq6o8xcgB0mheWVICZZqUm1rAmFmmxlCmWXFa2ilGmCUw-
XQzQxizzLjwF6OwM7LdrmC7F7GyO-
al5BcVJQIANoJba6YAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQxA0wHnoECAUQCw
"Andorra")

[Luxembourg](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=Luxembourg&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAOOQUeLQz9U3MEk3MzQSTs4vzSspykwtVsjMU0gtLcovSI2SCM8vyklRL1YIzk3MyUktLlFwBquqPMUI1mleWVICZZqUm1rAmFmmxlCmWXFa2ilGdhAzI90UJg-0D8YsMy78xSjsjGy3K9juRaxcPqUVqblJ-
aVF6QCI2w02qgAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQxA0wHnoECAUQDQ
"Luxembourg")

[Malta](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=Malta&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAOOQUeLQz9U3MCkzLjQSTs4vzSspykwtVsjMU0gtLcovSI2SCM8vyklRL1YIzk3MyUktLlFwBquqPMUI1mleWVICZZqUm1rAmFmmxlCmWXFa2ilGdhAzI90UJp9uZghjAq3-xSjsjGy3K9juRaysvok5JYkAKANoKKUAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQxA0wHnoECAUQDw
"Malta")

Feedback

### Searches related to World's Smallest Country

[smallest country in the world by
population](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=smallest+country+in+the+world+by+population&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ1QIoAHoECAoQAQ)

[largest country in the
world](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=largest+country+in+the+world&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ1QIoAXoECAoQAg)

[50 smallest countries in the
world](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=50+smallest+countries+in+the+world&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ1QIoAnoECAoQAw)

[smallest country in the world
2019](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=smallest+country+in+the+world+2019&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ1QIoA3oECAoQBA)

[second-smallest country in the
world](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=second-
smallest+country+in+the+world&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ1QIoBHoECAoQBQ)

[smallest country in
asia](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=smallest+country+in+asia&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ1QIoBXoECAoQBg)

[how many countries in the
world](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=how+many+countries+in+the+world&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ1QIoBnoECAoQBw)

[smallest country in
europe](/search?client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&q=smallest+country+in+europe&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ1QIoB3oECAoQCA)

# Page navigation

| 1|
[2](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=10&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxAv)|
[3](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=20&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxAx)|
[4](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=30&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxAz)|
[5](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=40&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxA1)|
[6](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=50&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxA3)|
[7](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=60&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxA5)|
[8](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=70&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxA7)|
[9](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=80&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxA9)|
[10](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=90&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8tMDegQIDxA_)|
[Next](/search?q=World%27s+Smallest+Country&client=ubuntu&hs=lZ1&channel=fs&ei=9LjgXtqsJaCx5OUPuua6qAY&start=10&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwja9snxh_fpAhWgGLkGHTqzDmUQ8NMDegQIDxBB)  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
# Footer links

India

\-  \-  - [Learn
more](https://support.google.com/websearch?p=ws_settings_location&hl=en-IN)

[Help](https://support.google.com/websearch/?p=ws_results_help&hl=en-
IN&fg=1)Send
feedback[Privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy?fg=1)[Terms](https://policies.google.com/terms?fg=1)

Google apps

