Animals (also referred to as metazoa) are [multicellular](/wiki/Multicellular
"Multicellular") [eukaryotic](/wiki/Eukaryotic "Eukaryotic") organisms that
form the [biological kingdom](/wiki/Kingdom_\(biology\) "Kingdom \(biology\)")
Animalia. With few exceptions, animals [consume organic
material](/wiki/Heterotroph "Heterotroph"), [breathe
oxygen](/wiki/Cellular_respiration#Aerobic_respiration "Cellular
respiration"), are [able to move](/wiki/Motility "Motility"), can [reproduce
sexually](/wiki/Sexual_reproduction "Sexual reproduction"), and grow from a
hollow sphere of cells, the [blastula](/wiki/Blastula "Blastula"), during
[embryonic development](/wiki/Embryogenesis "Embryogenesis"). Over 1.5 million
[living](/wiki/Extant_taxon "Extant taxon") animal [species](/wiki/Species
"Species") have been [described](/wiki/Species_description "Species
description")—of which around 1 million are [insects](/wiki/Insecta
"Insecta")—but it has been estimated there are over 7 million animal species
in total. Animals range in length from 8.5 micrometres (0.00033 in) to 33.6
metres (110 ft). They have [complex interactions](/wiki/Ecology "Ecology")
with each other and their environments, forming intricate [food
webs](/wiki/Food_web "Food web"). The kingdom Animalia includes
[humans](/wiki/Human "Human"), but in colloquial use, the term animal often
refers only to non-human animals. The scientific study of animals is known as
[zoology](/wiki/Zoology "Zoology").

Most living animal species are in the [Bilateria](/wiki/Bilateria
"Bilateria"), a [clade](/wiki/Clade "Clade") whose members have a [bilaterally
symmetric](/wiki/Symmetry_in_biology#Bilateral_symmetry "Symmetry in biology")
body plan. The Bilateria include the [protostomes](/wiki/Protostomes
"Protostomes")—in which many groups of [invertebrates](/wiki/Invertebrate
"Invertebrate") are found, such as [nematodes](/wiki/Nematode "Nematode"),
[arthropods](/wiki/Arthropod "Arthropod"), and [molluscs](/wiki/Mollusc
"Mollusc")—and the [deuterostomes](/wiki/Deuterostomes "Deuterostomes"),
containing both the [echinoderms](/wiki/Echinoderm "Echinoderm") as well as
the [chordates](/wiki/Chordate "Chordate"), the latter containing the
[vertebrates](/wiki/Vertebrate "Vertebrate"). Life forms interpreted as early
animals were present in the [Ediacaran biota](/wiki/Ediacaran_biota "Ediacaran
biota") of the late [Precambrian](/wiki/Precambrian "Precambrian"). Many
modern animal [phyla](/wiki/Phylum "Phylum") became clearly established in the
[fossil record](/wiki/Fossil_record "Fossil record") as [marine
species](/wiki/Marine_life "Marine life") during the [Cambrian
explosion](/wiki/Cambrian_explosion "Cambrian explosion"), which began around
542 million years ago. 6,331 groups of [genes](/wiki/Gene "Gene") common to
all living animals have been identified; these may have arisen from a single
[common ancestor](/wiki/Animal#Phylogeny "Animal") that lived [650 million
years ago](/wiki/Cryogenian "Cryogenian").

Historically, [Aristotle divided animals](/wiki/Aristotle%27s_biology
"Aristotle's biology") into those with blood and those without. [Carl
Linnaeus](/wiki/Carl_Linnaeus "Carl Linnaeus") created the first hierarchical
[biological classification](/wiki/Taxonomy_\(biology\) "Taxonomy \(biology\)")
for animals in 1758 with his [Systema Naturae](/wiki/Systema_Naturae "Systema
Naturae"), which [Jean-Baptiste Lamarck](/wiki/Jean-Baptiste_Lamarck "Jean-
Baptiste Lamarck") expanded into 14 [phyla](/wiki/Phylum "Phylum") by 1809. In
1874, [Ernst Haeckel](/wiki/Ernst_Haeckel "Ernst Haeckel") divided the animal
kingdom into the multicellular Metazoa
([synonymous](/wiki/Synonym_\(taxonomy\) "Synonym \(taxonomy\)") for Animalia)
and the [Protozoa](/wiki/Protozoa "Protozoa"), single-celled organisms no
longer considered animals. In modern times, the biological classification of
animals relies on advanced techniques, such as [molecular
phylogenetics](/wiki/Molecular_phylogenetics "Molecular phylogenetics"), which
are effective at demonstrating the evolutionary relationships between animal
[taxa](/wiki/Taxon "Taxon").

Humans make [use of many other animal species](/wiki/Human_uses_of_animals
"Human uses of animals"), such as for food (including [meat](/wiki/Meat
"Meat"), [milk](/wiki/Milk "Milk"), and [eggs](/wiki/Egg "Egg")), for
materials (such as [leather](/wiki/Leather "Leather") and [wool](/wiki/Wool
"Wool")), and also as [pets](/wiki/Pet "Pet"), and for transports, as [working
animals](/wiki/Working_animal "Working animal"). Dogs have been [used in
hunting](/wiki/Hunting_dog "Hunting dog"), while many terrestrial and aquatic
animals were hunted for sports. Non-human animals have appeared in art from
the earliest times and are featured in mythology and religion.

